The murderer still has the face to see my son
Auntie, I beg you
shut up
Provided that I beg you not to have an accident
laity
It's all you, it's not enough for you to harm one of my sons
Do you still want to kill Yan Ting? Auntie, I'm sorry.
I see.
What else do you do to hurt people besides saying sorry?
Let me tell you, if something really happened to Yan Ting
I let you die
There's no danger around.
Hospitalization is required for a period of observation
What are you still doing?
Get out of here
Less here
These two losers didn't get what they were supposed to do
Instead, it hurt the temperament
Fortunately, they escaped quickly
Otherwise, I'll be in trouble if I get caught and implicated